# Changes description and Migrate version 0.9.x to 0.10.x

::: warning POTENTIAL DEPENDENCY PROBLEMS
In case of **problems with dependencies** (mismatch, not installed, etc...) that may appear, we encourage you to follow those steps:

1. update the version in package.json (`@shopware-pwa/nuxt-module`)
2. `yarn upgrade`
3. `yarn shopware-pwa init` (or `npx @shopware-pwa/cli@canary init`)
4. `yarn dev` (do not use npx for anything else than init)

what else could help if not this:

- remove `node_modules` directory and `yarn.lock` file
- (**DO BACKUP BEFORE**) remove `nuxt.config.js` and invoke `npx @shopware-pwa/cli init`
  :::

## [default-theme] Order details component

`SwOrderDetails` component has been changed. In order to get aligned with latest changes, please follow [this diff](https://github.com/vuestorefront/shopware-pwa/pull/1603/files#diff-de0f81c5a9fa22cfab5d0375e4b69b906d92b15bb3c103402125d2f2bd771313).

### Most important changes:

- added loaders.
- `useOrderDetails` composable is used in order to move logic from `setup` into one shareable place.
- button for changing a payment method.
- button for canceling an order.

## [default-theme] use of separated composables made of useUser

- use of useCustomerAddresses instead of methods of useUser composable in address management places.
- use of useCustomerPassword for password management.
- use of useCustomerOrders for listing the customer's orders.

## [shopware-6-client] methods' signature change <Badge text="BREAKING CHANGE" type="error"/>

The parameters as a first mandatory argument was added in order to allow passing extra parameters in methods:

- `getCustomer(*parameters*, apiInstance)`
- `getCustomerAddresses(*parameters*, apiInstance)`
- `getCustomerOrders(*parameters*, apiInstance)`

The default value of an `parameters` argument is an empty object (`{}`). The parameters are taken from `getDefaultConfig()` method which is a part of `useDefaults` composable.

## Api Defaults config change <Badge text="BREAKING CHANGE" type="error"/>

You can have more control over API Defaults which you're using. You can read more [here](/landing/cookbook/#overwrite-api-defaults)
